[Music]
Hello again friends of the
Channel Well today I bring you how are you
how are you It's that I already launch into
telling the gossip and I almost don't say hello How are
my lovers of salsa
How are you this morning you are having
coffee while you listen to me I
love it Well yesterday it was
Gema López's turn she has been playing for several
days now with more and more intensity you
know no I mean do I need to
explain to you why suddenly it's her turn to be
humiliated and to be the center of
attention Gema López no need I'm not
very smart anymore I came a while ago and
when you see me you learn a lot
with me well well it's Gema López's turn
obviously because of everything she has
endured not because of everything she has said
and because of her face to face with Rocío Carrasco
not telling her four truths Gema
López has to pay for that no then It
turns out that yesterday in the discussion
before starting the program you already
know the first part of sálvame  There are
all the collaborators there putting forward their
theories that will be what they are going to put out no
because they have announced that at six in the
afternoon they are going to release a bomb no a bomb
of the big lie of Gema López No here there is
a factor that
Antonio Montero was defending and Laura is very Let's see,
I do not like to be disrespectful on this
channel Eh I want to be a very
respectful journalist let's see
ignorance it could be yes it could be
ignorance perfectly because Laura
FARC is very Carrasquista no Then she
is totally hurt by the entire
opposing side and she attacks everything that the
opposing side says like this have you
understood me better no and what I was
defending was not right or made
sense and I am going to explain to you why what
Antonio Montero was defending and
some collaborators have agreed with her
because it is like that it is that
each person no matter how much this
I explained many times is worth it no matter how much of a
public figure you are that does not
take away your right to decide what
part of your life is private and what part is
not worth it at the moment that you are
working on Sálvame they always try to
pull the blanket no and take things from your
private life we ​​have talked about this
many times too, what if a
neighbor calls and says that you didn't do the laundry,
if you do, a classmate calls So
you failed all your
subjects, this is
obviously demanded No, for example, I wouldn't
let even a fly step on my shoulder
why because I don't talk about my private life,
I talk about others
That's how it is eh the law of the jungle but it is how it is
And then
Laura takes fa and says that nothing You are
here one day it's one's turn and the next day it's
another's and if it's your turn, well, it's your turn
no dear, that's not how it is
You will put up with that but she doesn't have to put
up with it Gema López what she says that I
throw the new technique of save me now
suddenly before it was respected a she says I have
not seen that respected
but well Gema López says that before it was
respected a little more but now what
they do is save me It's that they throw the little
pill at you they don't throw the sebum there a
little no  And it depends on how you react,
because they pull the blanket more or not, but
of course they play on the fact that you are
working and getting paid on that program and it is
assumed that you are not going to sue them.
Well, I tell you that it depends on who it
is because I am working on whatever
program it is and they get something from me that really pisses
me off and I go to work somewhere
else because that's what it is like not
depending on anyone, you understand what it is like, that's why
some are changing their
opinions and all that, not because they depend on
the program because
more than one of those who are
there will work elsewhere, then Emma López, what she says
is very right, the program plays on the fact
that you are not going to sue them because you
have the job here. Okay, and
the ignorant one. Because look, you look
ignorant. Laura does because it's the least you can do,
not saying no, if it's your turn, it's your
turn. No, not at all, the law is not the same
for Rocío Carrasco as for
María José Campanario as for Javier
Oliveira, for example, it is not the same, it is not the
same. I can talk about
Rocío Carrasco's privacy and I can give my opinion on whether she has
been unfaithful, yes, no  it has been if I think
in chipiona I don't know how much if I think it has
contributed to us well as a mother or bad I
can talk about her private life she has made
a documentary of 16 chapters of one
hour each Of course I can talk I can give my
opinion I can't insult her of
course nor can I defame her slander her
No but I can give my opinion about her private life
and I can do 800 live and
private upload programs but she about me No
she about mine more than she can talk like
I am as a youtuber she can't
talk about my children about my wife where
I have worked previously she can't
okay Why Because I have drawn a
line in what is my public character
and my line and my private life And
so for the law we are not let's see We are
all the same for the law in other
aspects but in the aspect of
privacy we are not the same how is it going to
be the same Javier Oliveira as Rafa
Mora as Paz Padilla as her beautiful
Ubrique Well of course not and look he is a
beautiful Ubrique we still have to respect him
more because lately the last few
years you are not putting things of  his
private life but even so even if he does
interviews talking about things from his life
about his family it doesn't give him the right to have
a journalist come and take out something
intimate about him You can
easily sue because
those from Sálvame don't know about this, in reality I think they do
know what happens is that they
compensate them because later they sue them and they
win it on the other hand the money so it's
like they play with it, not until there's
something criminal involved they won't
learn their lesson but that's how it is eh I mean
the stupidity that Laura was saying
please when I said it they
throw their hands up in the air like if it's
your turn it's your turn So you to
work as a collaborator to comment on
the gossip of people about
celebrities who do that because Rocío
Carrasco does that, she has been
exposing herself for many years giving
exclusives giving interviews and talking
about her private life And finally a
documentary that Game of
Thrones would like to have Well of course we can talk about
that but so you to work
as a collaborator on Sálvame you have to study
a degree in  journalism no Because
some are journalists others are from
Big Brother and all that stuff but some
are journalists that you imagine not
studying a journalism degree
so you have to sell what color
underwear they make you It seems
incredible to me not these people on
show about show I'm going to be
reading the comments box I
send you a huge hug and until the
next newscast
[Music]